Yes, Peter. So, we were talking about
talking about you. You're talking about
how you work. Uh what is your product
productivity routine looks like? And um
how do you keep tweeting all day night
and I feel like you do not sleep at all,
right? Uh I know it would be like a
repetition for you to explain me
everything that we just talked about,
but uh since now the recording is on, so
let's go. Yeah, I really like you
already. I already started re-recording.
I I I brought anecdotes for like 15
minutes and then this guy tells me that
oh it's not recorded yet. The way to way
to get my time, you know, I could I
could prompt three agents right now. You
realize that there like none of them is
working. Do you think you miss from
nothing? App you missed a complete app
in these 15. No, I I'll work on I work
on three at the same time, you know. I
believe one app just like your last.
Um so I do sleep. Um
definitely not enough right now.
The like I I rarely actually sometimes I
call them agents but many times I just
call them slot machines because
I feel they are the ultimate drug for
for programmers or my friends call them
catnip for programmers. I see. It's
literal catnip because because
it's the most uh serotonin addictive
thing. You you type it in and like
something amazing could come out that
wows you or it could just go in a vision
quest, break everything and you get like
incredibly mad. It adds like it's a zero
one equation. Like last night I was I
was working on this keyboard and then at
some point I got a bit lazy um in the
prompting and it misunderstood me and
edited the keyboard to the login screen.
So then you had like you had like your
your your image, you had the password
and they had like the keyboard
underneath and I'm like you stupid like
like go like a ra thing
and the be the beauty thing is like
they're always nice, right? So they
Yeah. All all you get is like you you
can hear oh oh the youth is very upset.
I need to recognize this. The is sinking
and like and then like it's apologizing.
Um
you mentioned that you write a whole
page of prompt venom. Yeah. I think I
think this was what's what's up with
that. Yeah. I think that's what a lot of
people are missing. Um if you if you
just give them a tiny prompt sticks this
build me virtual keyboard [__] will come
out. Yeah. If you put [__] in, [__] will
come out. So So I'll I'll just I use
Whisper Flow because it's I mean I [__]
they should give me affiliates by now
because I I converted so many people. Um
it's by far the best it's by far the
best thing for
to like understand your voice. It it
comes from the point that you can
whisper to it.
But um really what it also does it it
parishes what I say. So if I say ah do
it this way. or no do it that way. It
will just write do it that way which is
extremely convenient because you want to
be like clear what you want to give to
the agent but you also want to like
explain it from different angles.
So if I talk about oh like we want to
make the layout better and the padding
then I just I say a few a few a few
samples. You you see like this button
here it's too far on the right side and
you know our goal is to have it right
aligned. So like you repeat yourself
from a few different angles and then
usually you will get your perfect
oneshot response. Do you also specify
the overall UI while prompting? Is it
like that? Everything everything's smart
here. Do do you think do you think do do
these loop whoop do these hands look
like they write code?
They they're only here for for bispoke
prompting. Uh
no that's not true. Sometimes sometimes
I I do like tiny fixes because it's
faster or like or like if you do like a
little UI change
sometimes faster. But if you like the
way I do it is like I I work on usually
two to four different things based on
how much they actually slept and how how
complex it is and just move on. I I
prompt one agent. Then they'll they'll
run off and work for 5 10 15 minutes and
I move to the next thing and prompt an
agent and then I move to the next thing
and probably agent. I don't use
work uh like different directories.
Everything goes into the same directory.
I just pick different different areas of
my products so that so they so the
chances that they interfere are low. And
then I I review everything in a in a in
tower like some some Git app that has a
good good uh gifing and either I revert
it.
That's also what people think like if if
they make [__] then just revert it
um and give them a context. Reverting
with claude is not that easy if you
compare it with cursor. Would you would
you agree to that? like uh if you are
constantly committing your changes then
that's a different case otherwise you
might end up with a mess that's what my
experience says so far I mean like you
have been using it quite heavily I I
know that looking at what are products
you have built so far u I I want to stop
using I I can stop using cursor I don't
I like the the cloud code workflow much
better where I have like in cursor even
Switching from one agent to another is
like a 3second operation and it's very
wonky and then cursor often just loses
connection or has issues. The agents and
cursor they are not very eager to fetch
in um they don't they don't fetch in a
lot of files. their their system prompt
is is built in a way where it's
optimized that you have to think what
they see and then yes they will fetch
but they'll they'll not fetch a lot and
I think ultimately this is part of the
way curs charges you money because they
charge per request and not per token so
they that every request doesn't eat too
many tokens so right if you if you pull
less into the context you have less
tokens so ultimately this is a is a
monetary interest and Entropic. An
entropic is just like om nom nom eating
tokens like crazy. That's also why they
are better. They they paper people.
So So I pick like different areas of my
project
and then I just give and and then I
commit like as soon I test it works. I
commit. Um I mean we're like we have
like five people here and we're
committing to master.
Kathy can you quickly take me through
your workflow how you use lord code
because we have like verbally talked
about writing a prompt which is a page
size but how does that prompt looks like
in the javascript front end when we
don't have authorization then we don't
show the authorization control
authorization control contains the
settings so in this case we run on no
authentication so just show settings
icon don't call it settings just use a
glyph that represents settings that's a
very simple prompt because it was just
one action to add a button.
Uh then not and this is this is like a
very small prompt but usually usually I
just use whisper slow and I I as I
review the page I'll talk and and
basically tell it what I don't like and
what it should change and then I if it's
like UI changes I'll cue it'll ceue
multiple things together and then I I
try to explain it from different angles.
Okay? Because
the more you talk, the less they'll be
able to hallucinate because they'll
understand better what you actually mean
and what your reasoning behind is. So
some I mean sometimes I say stupid stuff
like you do this because it looks like
[__] right? It it doesn't matter, but
like like I I like to swear. I think
people who swear like you're more honest
and more more happy people. So I'll just
I'll just say this looks like [__] Um
they're always nice. They can take it. I
I I I have seen people give you a lot of
heat if you talk along the lines of uh
software engineering is changing a lot
like it has been evolving with this AI
era and uh a lot of jobs will go away
once this comes in properly. This has
already you know this is already here.
It is not something which is futuristic.
Now what is your perspective on this?
How do you look at this particular thing
happening in the software engineering
space and where are we heading to? I
mean that's society ultimately right we
had we had a lot more farmer jobs 100
years ago we had a lot more industrial
jobs 50 years ago um you can't be mad at
at progress if you if you lose your job
or not is up to you like like suddenly
we have new tools that if you work them
and if you learn them you'll be no
exploration 20 times as productive if
you look at how much I'm able to build
like the insane thing is like like even
a year ago all these ideas you have to
be very picky what you actually build
because everything will take you weeks
or you you can't have five site projects
and now now like the other day I was
looking for a website that would uh
would store the sparkle update data so I
know who is on which like there's all
these you know there's all these hobbits
out there that gobble up all the user
data I don't like But I'm I I want the
absolute minimum privacy focused.
Um but I'm interested in like when can I
drop a Mac OS version for example. So
Sparkle is exactly built like this. They
sent updates once a week. But like all
the projects I found were [__] or like
old or not maintained anymore. So I'm
like no just build my own. And in just
like four hours I built a whole website
backed by backed by Postgress already
hosted and it's already working in
[__] four hours. like this would be
wow at le and I'm not that good with web
stuff even yet so this would have taken
me at least a few days uh back in the
day and I and I did it while working on
other things it's not like it was like
100% of my mental capacity it was like a
thing on the side with 30%.
And I and I I built it in a way that
everybody can now use it. It is it
doesn't it doesn't even have a login.
It's just like one page analytics, but
it's updating your images, you know?
It's it's like it's it's it's it's
sophisticated stuff. It's not just HTML.
It has like a socket connection to the
database and and as data comes in, it
updates live. That alone in the old days
would have taken me multiple days. How
the [__] do you do that? So now I just I
just tell cloud to do it and it just
does it. What changed is now you have
like my my task is to like pick the
right technologies
like I use superbase. I know Superbase
has a real time sync. So how hard can it
be? It it it's around for a while. So
like there's enough world knowledge that
I don't even have to pull in uh any any
documentation. It will just know and
it'll and it'll build it. I I started
not from scratch but I used Vero like an
a no code system. Why? because they um
they're very opinionated. They use like
react vers
I it just started it built something.
It's not very good but it gave me the
structure that I that I wanted. So I was
to that I I don't have to like tell claw
to use that structure because it built
all of that structure and then and at
some point I reached the limit of that
agent because they use I don't actually
know what they use. I actually don't
care. Um, but then I just I just I just
went to GitHub and then used code to
take over. Like my first prompts were
here's some [__] that should be this
repair it
and then and then I started and I just
started to explain what I want and it
built it on the side. That's amazing.
But we haven't yet answered it that what
will happen to the existing software
engineers that are there in the
industry. Not everyone can be at the top
of it, right? If that makes sense. So
whatever is going to happen with like we
can see these tools uh like plot code
which is a CLI based tool. Now we are
also hearing news about uh Gemini coming
up with a CI tool CLI tool. Uh so is the
future heading towards CLI tools again
like uh since you know they are not
focusing on having a GUI at all and I
heard uh the one of the creators of plot
code talking about the same that uh uh
we they needed this tool because they
want to experiment they want to use it
at their space as anthropic I'm putting
my my Johnny eyes on there is beauty in
simplicity we took away everything we
could so there so all you have is a
prompt and a text window and you can
fully focus on what's most important to
you, the planning and the clear
thinking. Yeah, I I actually I actually
think the the constraints those tools
put you under are like a biggest plus
because it's just it's just the way to
enter text and to read text. Um
it I I think there's value in
having it in in VS Code from time to
time. So so you have like you can read
more of your files especially when you
reach the the limits of where what
agents can do. Um
so I have my IDE next to it where
sometimes I read off stuff but mostly
mostly I read the diffs and then I I'll
I'll pitch at my agents if I don't like
it.
Um, but
they're not they're not magic
if you but if you know how to use them
like again with this keyboard thing it I
tried for like the first 20 minutes and
like nothing worked. So then I I did
like research okay but don't know about
that space.
Um anchoring anchoring views on virtual
keyboard always been very difficult very
hacky. We know that browsers made a lot
of improvements over the year. This is a
this is the problem many people faced.
So obviously
there will be APIs in newer browsers
that will make this easier. So I did
research on like what APIs we have. Of
course I found stuff. I found a document
a very long markdown that explains how
new API works. I just copied the URL
into clause read this and now build it
right and ultra sync. Not everybody can
spend so much time like me on this. I
totally get it. Like there's people who
have a life and have a family. I don't.
So, so I mean that's that's so hilarious
coming from you because you work like
almost 16 20 hours you mentioned and
you're making you're being so modest and
making fun of it itself. But but I mean
if you have to be at that, you know, if
you become the top 1% of any game, I
believe you have to put in those efforts
that you're already putting in. And I I
would not I would not have fun like
that. That's my drive. Like I I don't
just want to like be one of the best
people there. I also like want to want
to like help other people um get more
stuff done faster and like learn. So
whenever
whenever I see that like I inspire
someone, that's why I do it.
That's amazing. And I I believe that's
why you open source the projects as
well, right? Oh, I mean that's my mantra
like every everything I do is open
source. There's literally maybe some old
projects from from before my burnout. Uh
but now everything you can you can look
up everything on GitHub. That's so funny
when like when like there was like
someone who someone who someone who
blocked me on their new system for
startup slop and like I I guess I didn't
get the memo. Oh, there's like a there's
like something like Hacker News, but
they blocked my website for startup
slop. Okay. Um, and I I guess this is a
bigger discussion that that that might
need to happen. Um, because of course
there's I can do one prompt and say,
"Hey, write me a blog post about X." And
then like garbage will come out. Yes,
you have your slop. But if I work I I
usually I need about like three four
hours for each blog post. Uh so even if
I use agents to like do most of the
writing, I iterate so much on what I
want to say and then at some point my
blog post is always like 20 25 minutes
and then like the hard work is to
compress it into like 5 minutes. So you
actually you actually like you you got
what's the story? What's the message
about get across? Nobody's going to read
20 minutes of my of my rambling. Um,
that's not I mean, yeah, sure, I can
like trim it down, but it won't be
interesting. It won't be good.
So, even even if I didn't write every
word myself, I'm putting so much love
and care into each blog post that uh
telling me this is the ice is like
really insulting.
Yeah, I did. But yeah, that's that's
that's a that's a separate discussion. I
got I also have a newsletter and that
one will get the biologic organic
handwritten handwritten words from from
my hands. It's not something you
generate from AI. Yeah. Cuz because my
my news outlet there gives is like a
different side of me like the more
personal side and there I want I want to
have
my like 100% my voice. some of the some
of the blog posts I don't care if like
some words are different because I want
to get the knowledge across. I want to
make it I want to make a good story.
story when I have it interesting. And
ultimately, I also document what I did
cuz you know I like a few weeks ago I
did like almost three days where I I I
built a really good set of scripts to
take over notoriization.
Um the whole release process for Mac
apps because there was nothing good out
there. There is fast lane but it's
basically unmaintained and you have to
deal with Ruby which you can I I
actually I like Ruby but it's yet
another language. Um, so I just build
everything in shell scripts,
but I would forget half of it if I don't
write it out because I do too much. So
like part of the motivation is also like
I document this for future me. And also
also I don't want anyone to go through
that pain. You can just copy my scripts.
Please do. Yeah. You know that's and
enjoy it. And on the line the sun. Yeah.
This like this literally was not it was
not pleasantly
although Yeah. Although it's also fun,
you know, there's work is fun if if it's
challenging, but you overcome those
challenges.
And now our theory is when you use
agents, there's literally nothing you
can do because
whenever you're stuck, they'll help you
out. When they are stuck, you can use
smarter agents. You can always ask those
three. Yeah. And and those things are
has like the knowledge of the world in
them. So, so now the motto is does it
defy the laws of gravity or physics? No.
Then it can be done. True. True. Uh and
I think software is is like feasible in
today's time. Yeah. And that's extremely
empowering like in the past, you know
how you sometimes get stuck and then you
have no one to ask and then you go in
Stack Overflow and you find this one
question from this one guy that posted
the same question eight years ago and
there's only one response and it's
wrong. Um But some I mean I mean [__] I
I had things where I Googled and then I
found like a blog post from like nine
years ago for myself and I'm like oh
yeah it didn't happen.
Um
crazy time that was a crazy time. It
compared but now now literally I don't
get people that reject
this amazing technology. Yes it is it is
in a way scary. It will cost the jobs,
but ultimately it's up to you. Like, you
don't have to be you don't even have to
be the best. You just have to
know and use those tools and then you're
already you're already ahead. If if you
if you reject those things, then at some
point people will reject you at your
work because you'll be replaced by
someone who might not be as smart as
you, but who knows how to use a much
better hammer for his job and then like
people will pick that person because he
just he just wields a much better
hammer. Makes sense. Makes sense. Also
uh I read you a blog post on uh the app
that you recently built WI tunnel right
you have multiple apps now one of them
is wip tunnel other one is w meter right
uh I have tried w meter before I was
exploring w tunnel uh myself uh a two a
day or two ago and I figured that it is
a really powerful application and at the
same time I thought that how did this
idea came to your mind that's when I
ended up on your website and read that
blog that you have already written a
detailed blog work on the whole
hackathon that went on. So tell more
about that. Yeah.
Do you know the meme from Malcolm in the
Middle where he's trying to fix the
light bulb and then 4 hours later he's
like all dirty under the car and and his
wife comes in and says, "Hey, the lights
the light bulb is broken." He's like,
"What the [__] do you think I'm doing?"
I do remember that. So that that's kind
of like how I feel. I I I had this idea
of something I want to build which I
still want to build and I started
building it and then I noticed that the
build tools suck like so I started I
started to set that back then I was
still using cursor so I started building
like MTPs for cursor and then I noticed
that hey actually building MCPS sucks.
So I started building things so I could
that could that could build better MCPS
for the thing that I can I use to build
cursor and now I'm one way deeper now
I'm building I'm building something that
helps me use cloud code which helps me
build NCPs which helps me build this
which ultimately would help me build
this. So I think like you know like
inception I'm like in level four. I
don't know how many levels there are but
I think I'm I'm I'm quite deep now like
the the spinner is the zel anymore. Yes.
Um,
and I'm not I realize it's ridiculous,
but like
I don't I don't like I think the
my goal is to learn and to have fun. So,
it doesn't matter if I if I continue up
there, which also is something I I I'll
get back to eventually, or if I'm a few
layers down and I'm having traable fun
building something and learning
something. Um, so I just I just roll
with it and whatever wherever I look I
I'll there's things to learn. Uh,
and yeah, right now I'm like
extremely extremely excited about uh our
little Oh, couldn't you just use SSH
school?
So I I guess for people who don't know
um I I I talked to some of my friends
and we decided let's do a hackathon
because we all completely addicted to
our slot machine. So let's just and
we're not going to sleep anyhow. So
let's let's second night together and
hack something out. And then we we
thought, yeah, we always you always have
this issue that claude or agent in
general, they run 10 20 minutes, but
sometimes you want to like check up on
them because
they like to go on vision quests if you
don't steer them. Yeah. Or they or they
stop prematurely because something
happened. So, so I'm going up to the
kitchen and I know that it will probably
take 10 more minutes to complete, but it
would be nice to just make sure to that
it works because if if it stops 1 minute
in and then I come back 10 minutes
later, I'm going to be disappointed.
So, wouldn't it be nice if I could them
on my phone?
And I theoretically I could with like
screen sharing, but like I have a really
big screen here. Doing it on the phone
is like really fiddly. Um,
and then of course there's all these
systems where you could you could do
things in the cloud and then they make a
pull request, but first of all it
doesn't really work because they all run
on Linux and right now I'm building Mac
stuff. So you don't have access to Swift
and then the pull request workflow makes
sense for bigger teams. Doesn't make
sense for me because I if I work on
myself, why do I why should I use a
workflow that's built for bigger teams?
I just commit to main unless it's
something risky then I use a branch but
not for every little thing. True. So, so
we we okay let's build something where
we can see what cloud code does on our
phones. I see. And then maybe also get a
notification like a push notification
when it's done.
I see. Um can can you give me a live
demo of how it works? I mean that's not
for me. That's for the people who are
going to watch this that u just share.
Yeah, if you can just share the screen
and
give us a Okay, this is your prompt that
is going on and this is how you can
check the progress in your mobile app.
Yeah, this is the the mobile area that's
uh upcoming beta 4. And then here you
just see all your terminals
and these are most mostly agents.
Um,
and you can open your terminal and then
you can basically you see like a nicely
re like we changed the the the size so
it it fits. I broke the scrolling so
that's why it doesn't scroll right now.
Actually, no, it wasn't me. It was like
one of the agents.
Um, in your intern.
Yeah, but I'm going to I'm going have to
figure out how to how to unfuck that. Um
so so the idea is that instead of just
typing in claude on your on your
terminal you prefix it with VT uh the
the the the V tunnel V and then yeah and
then it'll just it'll just feel like
regular cloud. Okay. But you could also
you can also go on a website and you see
basically your terminal as a copy
because we we wanted to build something
that doesn't change the way you work but
then you can step out and you you just
can check up on all your instances
and the the coolest thing is you can
also press new new terminal and then you
get a new terminal on your phone but you
also get a new window on your computer.
The way I do it is I I open it. They're
closely synced in that way. Yes, that's
and nobody's building that because all
those companies they want their
cloud-based solution and like blah blah
blah. But that's not a workflow that
works for for like I think that's not
the optimal workflow for like small
developers because I I want to work on
my computer. I want to have my my
windows. I don't want to change. I don't
want to just be in the bed. So I have
much less control and those tools are
not as good. I want to have the same
workflow. So what what we do is actually
is we use Apple script to open a new
window and then I use accessibility with
Apple script to type in the command that
you that that you that you you trigger
from your phone and then our binary is
is injected and then we can take control
on the terminal level with like
something a little bit more efficient.
But it it was really cool to build
because you had to you have to use this
mix of really old and crafty technology
and then like you have like a cool a
cool Mac UI you have like front end that
uses actually really modern stuff right
and a lot a lot of creativity like okay
how can we do this actually cuz my some
one of my friends was like oh no it's
fine you just we'll just use the website
now like you maybe but like I I don't
want to change I I'm going to figure out
a way right um and Then well that's not
there yet but eventually we also detect
if CL's working. So if there's like
output then we know okay something's
happening there. So he's still he's
still looping good and this three
already stopped looping bad. Um so you
you easily see you can you can also stop
uh any particular response that is going
on. It's not just that you are observing
you can stop you can also give a new
prompt. You have the whole control over
your plot window, right? Yeah. It's not
it's not just plot. It's like literally
anything you can do in a terminal. So
why would you see this is like a can we
say this is like a super app to control
all the AI agents that uses CLI?
It controls everything that you can do
in your terminal. If you want to like
Okay, if you want to play Doom, you
could probably play Doom. Uh I mean we
have to check if you can actually play
Doom but I guess we have to
it should same as last work. How hard
can it be?